Eric I went dead went to heaven for
somewhere i'm erik them already this is for the skins of derek
to without my feet wadded
what a place about yesterday fucked where
club some yes of course and a place here
After all, God, who built it
and to the shore yesterday did not lie shmal cheerful
it turned out still rushing I now see yes
ok glen itself sweeps seriously al people
tell me where I am
bespectacled where are we going to say why are you silent
then I 'll find the bastard got up where I do
you say well, at least somebody zakina
and you tell me where I oh no I don't want
here die all because I say
blessings to me again god misha
found at least one soul but we are shorter yesterday
we drank such we started to dance and me
Kapets razvezlo well and then you said
let's go hang out hang out pancake
idiot all in the ass i went fucking like
get out of here
such
Seryozha serious look duck what you need
I wrote a fountain, I shorter 2 as
struck that ball on the village barnet
dark base understood niche
what are you constantly thumping already tired
let's have the dragon fly
here is kind of like horror movies us here in
Kind to pieces and cut you in the trunk
Kapets stuffed why did we even go here
you understand that we die
yeah don't you say hello guys in and where
have been all this time eric you moron
for some reason we did not take us there
eric walked all day you sick yes
it's okay guys
Now we are going to make a video and everything will be
all right
yes you moron erik absolutely agree
idiot beat off today only on eric
show battle pokemon and today causing
your strongest pokemon
ugly face about come do you think he
handle me stupid i call
Kochkin who
and here begins the fight what kind of heat
cat house attacks ugly face
punch punch still punch
thank you all for supporting us
see our videos if you have
cool ideas write to our official
VKontakte group and do not forget it
subscribe with you was oriflame this is eric
show and all bye